okay so I got my headphones plugged into
my iPhone the audio how is it hey guys
is it where the heck am i right now else
is going to be the strangest unboxing
slash tech review ever there are movie
trailers behind me this is the
Sennheiser am bo smart headset your
music your podcasts whatever you're
listening to is going to sound great so
there are also microphones in here that
record by neural audio which means what
your ears hear
[Music]
so when Sennheiser reached out and was
like hey we want to partner on a video
could you come film some behind the
scenes on a short film that we're
filming I said yes
[Music]
this is like a live set and I'm here
with my friend fun so what are you in
charge of on this the post mixer on this
project so I'll be doing all the
post-production sound after its effect
and it's been edited together
so what I'm here today to make sure that
I grab some of the sounds that I'm going
to need to really fill out but with a
binder or microphones like these what
you're actually capturing is sound below
you above you around you behind you and
when it's capturing this manner when you
actually hear it back later it actually
you actually do get the sense that sound
is coming from above and below and
behind and from this and from everywhere
as opposed to it just feeling like like
it's coming at you only from the right
and only from the front
I think they're rehearsing right now
hope we're in the back of that shot
where the street what I'm most of the
binaural audio
however it's totally worth mentioning
that these are just a freaking epic set
of headphones you control everything of
this there's a directional mic for phone
calls right here but you can also switch
in between noise cancelling and also
transparent hearing go John go
transparent hearing is where you're
listening to music you're jamming out to
a pipe ass but hey you want to hear what
that person in the subway what he's
asking you or maybe you're in the car
and you're listening to music you're
talking to someone on the phone and it's
important to hear people around you
honking at you I know that's important
when I'm riding my electric skateboard
in New York City you can't just be
jamming out to music you need to hear if
a taxi is about to run into you
so transferring earring actually
combines what you're listening to with
the outside sources you can also amplify
that and that means you start getting
spidey-senses it blows my mind actually
we're making loud noises here and then
we end up here and then we end up back
there and also I have my I have my
fisheye lens so skateboarding we got a
we got to go fisheye
you check downstairs
all right do it
[Music]
Mavic Pro is no longer with me and now I
have this tiny DJI air which it fits in
my bag so well it's the only reason why
I brought it on this trip I wouldn't
have brought the MAV intro because I had
no room at all but I haven't had a lot
of time to just kind of get used to this
truck and John actually had a lot of
issues with his air he had an error it
just never connected properly and I
think the connection is different I can
fly it like maybe 50 meters is that what
the display is and I would immediately
signal I ended up losing it into a tree
which isn't that tall but my Matic pro
since I bought it since then hasn't had
a single problem no disconnection at all
these things always need updates
aircraft disconnected cannot take off
inconsistent firm work it's you and me
[Music]
it's kind of like swaying in the air it
doesn't hold itself so we just got done
with our drone and someone is literally
flying a quadcopter above John okay
so after putting up my drone apparently
a neighbor in the street has his like
massive massive quadcopter up trying to
get some tricks and John and then a
neighbor came by oh it was like yeah
it's the guy down the street
[Music]
guys look it's you've been hanging out
today and readings fun stuff hey Austin
thanks for helping me with that intro
but now you know I'm with the rx100 six
again yeah I had a little girl food
called headbutt this is a very nice yeah
I have some new kind of final thoughts
about it but right now we're gonna ride
something very fun I've never ridden the
early before guys yeah okay you got this
yeah it doesn't feel super practical but
I feel like you need to get get bit of
getting used to
once you get used to it though is this
little learning curve once you get used
to it it yes so is it like Prats of
practical transport you're trying to get
some
[Music]
do I need a 85 millimeter look at look
at how much glass that is it's just
solid gloss this is behind the scenes
Louie's gonna take the most beautiful
and Syrian picture of Raya
[Music]
alright guys so this is a wild Kevin
Bacon stretching okay so I'm just
filming
oh my god I'm filming the Griffith
Observatory and it's so good we were in
discreetly and then the moment he looked
up we were just talking and then I like
yeah they're just like is like pretty
much show oh yeah super low-key super
low-key what you're an a-list celebrity
and you come to Griffith Observatory
around sunset guys just let them live
their life they're just like us look how
beautiful is this
[Music]
back in New York City it los angeles was
such a blast i got i got a lot of stuff
done out there but just circling around
final thoughts on these three pieces of
tech that i have covered in this video
and ultimately we need to answer this
question of is it worth it if you are an
audiophile or a content creator of any
kind the ambu smart headset yes it is so
worth it these are available for iPhone
and Android
they plug directly into your phone and
they're just super versatile one it's a
fantastic headset so I've been on a lot
of planes recently and the only noise
cancelling headphones I've had or on ear
and they hurt my ears but having these
cancel out all the noise on the plane
and just be able to hone in and despot
if I podcast whatever I'm doing is but
it doesn't just stop with a noise
canceling so it has that transparent
hearing that you can turn on and off
very easily with this controller a lot
of times we have headphones on you need
to actually hear what's going on around
you but of course the coolest part of
these headphones is they have the
microphones and then record the binaural
audio if it's plugged into your phone
yes it'll automatically record that
audio into the clip however they also
have an app where you can record this
audio externally and line it up and post
that's what I did with some of the skate
clips it was so cool to see the behind
the scenes on set for the world's first
must hear a movie make sure to check out
the links in description below to check
it out it is a DJI Mavic air worth it if
you're looking for a little bit bigger
drum that's spark that is a little bit
more reliable heck yes to go with this
the fact that it shoots 120 frames per
second at 1080 is amazing I shot some
stuff and Brooklyn the other day and the
footage was epic the only thing is the
video feed on your phone a lot of times
isn't as clear as on the Maverick Pro
just because you're seeing a 720 picture
instead of a 1080 but the hundred twenty
frames per second feature is by far my
favorite of this little guy it'll look
fuzzy when you're recording it but it's
out-of-focus it's just it doesn't relay
the video feed very well this might have
to do is something called a queue sync
so I looked up what the transmission
system is between the Matic Pro and it's
controller and it's this thing called
occupy sync
this has a lot to do with why the video
feed from the Matic Pro is always
crystal clear and you never have a lot
of connection issues
John had issues with the Mavic air and I
had a few you guys doesn't be a best
case scenario with that drone because it
also doesn't do well in the wind because
it is smaller but yes it is tiny it
could fit your purse it can fit in your
small camera bag but the matha pro is
already a decently small size and a
pretty sure new maverick pro is right
around the corner
so maybe hold the brakes on the Mavic
air as you wait for that announcement
the Sony rx100 mark 6 is it worth it yes
if you do a lot of traveling and you
don't want to carry around a lot of
cameras and lenses this is one of the
most versatile point-and-shoot cameras
I've ever used and maybe yes to the
general point-and-shoot audience in a
couple of years when the price is
hopefully lower 200 or 300 dollars
I absolutely love the footage that I got
from this camera and it color great so
nice that just I love it and there's a
lot packed into a very small package now
the biggest question that I think I
didn't answer in my last video is about
the solo light so this is the difference
between s 2.8 in the 6-foot mark 6 and
that's one point eight and a mark fives
as you can tell this image on the RX 105
is much brighter of course because it
has that low f-stop of 1.8 opposed to
2.8 so let's see what the difference is
I'm gonna bump up the ISO on the mark 6
to make it as bright as the mark 5 and
see how much the difference is with the
noise with the higher ISO okay so this
is about same I had to both the ISO from
2000 to 4000 on the mark 6 do you guys
see a difference and noise because the
mark 5 right now that's at F 1.8 still
is only on ISO 2000 mark 6 is that ISO
so there you go there's a little
low-light comparison so you be the judge
in terms of low-light with the Sony
rx100 six is it a big deal that you lose
that stop of light on the 6th or at that
extra zoom of 200 millimeters I hope you
guys enjoy the Los Angeles hangs and
behind the scenes from the film set I
love doing stuff like that make sure to
check out the link in the description
below for the ambu smart headset as well
as the short film guys let me know if
you like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos every
single week until next time stay peachy
okay
[Music]